hey guys stop by ballistic BBQ today
Cajun burger let's get going all right
so the inspiration for creating a cajun
burger actually came from a variety of
sauces and seasonings that was sent to
me by Keith Jenkins over there a frog
bone Keith is a great guy and he's
become a pretty much a good buddy to all
of us barbecuers on the youtube so
anyway we're gonna start off with the
patty what I've done here is I've taken
about a pound of beef short rib and I've
grounded up with two lengths of
andouille sausage so what I did was I
sliced the Unduli up into little pieces
and I alternated beef and Dewey beef and
Dewey then I loosely toss it up just to
make sure it got nice and incorporated
here so let's make some patties what I'm
going to do is take what I'm
guesstimating to be about a third of a
pound and I'm just going to form these
into fairly loose patties some Dewey
smells really really good a nice smoky
smell going on all right there we go now
I want layers of flavor to be in this
now there's a lot of flavor going on
inside this beef patty but what I want
to do is season the outside let me wash
my hands and we'll get to the seasoning
all right so when I was looking at the
pack of seasonings first thing it jumped
out at me was the blackened seasoning
put out my frog bone smells really
really good and I think it's going to be
a great complement to this beef and me
and Dewey so I'm going to go ahead and
give this nice good seasoning on top
I'll flip it get to the other side I got
the grill heating up outside so I will
meet you out there all right guys so
since I'm going to be blackening the
seasoning on this beef I'm gonna be
using my flattop today got the Cray
quart cast-iron skillet
insert in here throw a surprise that
year a little bit later let's get this
patty on right so you can see beefs
getting cooked up along the side we're
gonna go ahead and give this a flint
that's what I wanted to see that nice
kind of blackened seasoning there I'm
gonna go ahead and throw on slice of
sharp cheddar cheese
okay now the oil what I have here are
some very thinly sliced onion mixed in
with some pickled jalapeno then I poured
in a little bit of that jalapeno juice
kind of cut all the onions and
everything going to toss it in some
seasoning this is just some white flour
seasoned with frog bones all person
all-purpose seasoning
[Music]
while that's going we're going to go
ahead and get these buns toasted nice
toast on the bun
alright as you can see beautiful color
on those onions and the jalapenos get
these on some paper towels
all right Patty's done let's put
together a cajun burger guys all right
the first thing we're to do is lay down
some lettuce and I'm using butter
lettuce I'm going to lay down a couple
very thinly sliced pieces of tomato you
know that beautiful seasoned patty just
very hot right now all right now that
rum a lot this is the roulade sauce that
frog bone puts out and those onions and
jalapenos
now the bread is just toasted with
butter I love that it really brings out
some great flavor in the hamburger and
there we go guys let's give it a try
this is gonna be a messy one stand by
Wow there's some heat here that's not
too much that run allowed sauce is
perfect for hamburger and I knew it
would be when I tried it so I was really
excited about this burger you can't go
wrong with fried onions and jalapenos
and again that blackened seasoning yeah
there's some Cajun going on here guys
anyway thanks for stopping by definitely
go check out frog bones YouTube channel
and website I'll post links down below
cheers guys